# Python-Assistant(Zen)

Voice assistants are software agents that can interpret human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft's Cortana, and Google's Assistant are the most popular voice assistants and are embedded in smartphones or dedicated home speakers. Users can ask their assistants questions, control home automation devices and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks such as email, to-do lists, and calendars with verbal commands. This column will explore the basic workings and common features of today's voice assistants. It will also discuss some of the privacy and security issues inherent to voice assistants and some potential future uses for these devices. As voice assistants become more widely used, librarians will want to be familiar with their operation and perhaps consider them as a means to deliver library services and materials.

People have wanted to talk to computers almost from the moment the first computer was invented. Science fiction is full of computers that can hold a conversation, from HAL 9000 . Several consumer-level products developed in the last few years have brought inexpensive voice assistants into everyday use, and more features and platforms are being added all the time. Users can do everything from asking simple informational questions to playing music and dialing their phone or turning lights on and off via voice control. This column will explore the basic workings and common features of today’s voice assistants. It will also discuss some of the privacy and security issues inherent with voice assistants and potential future uses for these devices the joke has been introduce the point was not to build just a voice assistant but to build a friend we have added and also to open a particular URL so that a person should find it easy to copy and past who wants copy and past by using keyboard being the part of 21st century weather is the being the part of human journey and that has been build along with this call and messages has been added apart from that,  The news one of the revolutionary stuff has added as key feature , Write a note , sending emails, photo capture , video capture , voice recording , scientific calculator  . As voice assistants are more widely used, librarians will want to become familiar with the technology, which has the potential to be a delivery mechanism for library materials and services.
